Manually and automatically evaluating software for the Heidelberg type Radon monitor. Update of the previously used RnLog1.9 which was written in Delphi.

Functions of the RnLog 2.4:
-Analyze:

	-Select Spectra:
		Choose spectra for display; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the raw data (lvl0).

	-Extract LogFile:
		Choose spectra to create Log- (extract) File (.txt); default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the raw data (lvl0);
		to continue user have to provide a reference spectrum via FileChooser (lvl0 start). (No -> cancel execution of this function).
		If the provided file has the extention other than .ref error messege is shown and the execution is stopped.
		At last, user has to choose where the new Log (extract) file will be saved (.txt). If no extension is given (or it is wrong) program adds one.
		If flagged spectra are present, they are COPIED to the subfolder 'flagged' which is created in the folder with the flagged spectrum.
		NOTE: the flagged spectrum is NOT deleted from the original folder.

	-Make Activity File:
		Choose ONE log (extract) file (.txt) to create activity (.act) file; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the extract files (from ini);
		the resulting activity file is saved in the same folder as Log (extract) file.

	-Make Activity File from multiple log files:
		Choose one or many log (extract) files (.txt) to create activity (.act) file; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the extract files (from ini);
		before proceding the combined log file is sorted according to measurement date in the ascending order using insertion algorithm;
		sorting task is time consuming so the progress bar was implemented with option of cancel the operation;
		then user is asked if the combined log file ahould be saved; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the extract files (from ini);
		finally used is asked, where the activity file should be saved; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the activity files (from ini).
		In all saving operations, if no extension is given (or it is wrong; .txt or .act respectively) program adds one.
	
	-Continue Evaluation:
		Full evaluation cycle.
		Loading files from raw spectra directory (lvl0). As loading task is time consuming it was implemented with progress bar with option of canceling.
		If no reference spactrum was found in the lvl0 directory, user is asked if one should be created based on the current loaded raw data.
		After the ref spec is created the edge should be set manually AND EdgeOffset parameter in the ini file should be accordingly adjusted(see Evaluation setting).
		After these actions are done user should press continue evaluation button to contionue execution. Newly created ref spec is saved in the lvl0 folder.
		The name of the last spectrum in the lvl0 is compared to the name of the last spectrum in the folder with evaluated spectra (lvl2).
		If they are the same, program concludes that all spectra are already evaluated and stop execution.
		The raw spectra (beginning with the last in the lvl2 and to the end of the lvl0) then are copied from lvl0 to the lvl2;   
		if lvl2 is empty all spectra are copied. 
		The Po edge is set using the ref spectrum and simultaneously spectra are flagged according to the flag threshold parameter. 
		As these 2 task are time consuming a progress bar is added to each of them.
		User is then asked if the flagged spectra should be corrected/rejected right now. 
		If YES, flagged spectra are loaded and edge can be set manually or current spectrum can be completely removed from the evaluation by pressing Reject button.
		Rejected spectra are moved to the rejected subfolder in the lvl2 folder.
		After all spectra been corrected/rejected user should press continue evaluation button to contionue execution.
		If NO, all flagged spectra are moved to the flagged subfolder in the lvl2 folder and the evaluation is resumed.
		Log file is saved in the folder with the extract files (from ini). The name is the same as the directory name of the lvl0.
		The files are NOT being overwriten. If the name is already used, numeric sufix (e.g. '_1','_2', ect.) is added.
		During the creaetion of the activity file, log file is splitted if the time gap between last and current spectrum is largeer than 1800s.
		If the the time gap is smaller than 60s, current spectrum is deleted from the evaluation cycle, assuming that it is dublicate.
 		Activity file is calculated using the Stockburger algorithm. The gaps can be filled with custom string (see Evaluation settings).
		The activity file is saved in the folder with the activity files (from ini). The name is the same as the directory name of the lvl0.
		The files are NOT being overwriten. If the name is already used, numeric sufix (e.g. '_1','_2', ect.) is added.

-Configure:

	-Hardware Setting (NOT TESTED BY MAX):
		Adjust the hardware parameters of the connected monitore such as:
			-Tag and Name;
			-Monitore Clock,
			-Integration Time;
			-Option to clear memory card;
			-Slope/Offset.

	-Evaluation Settings:
		Adjust the evaluation parameters, which are saved in the current iniFile.

-Extras:

	-Reset Spectra:
		Removes edge of the selected spectra; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the raw data (lvl0).

	-Create temporary reference spectrum:
		Creates temporary reference spectrum from selected spectra; default start location of the FileChooser is the folder with the raw data (lvl0).

		
		
		